h1. Snoop Logg

_Mr. D, why is you doin' the Big Nasty on my bed?!_ - Snoop Dogg

_Sex is like a beautiful meeting of genitalia. It's *the dance of love between a penis and vagina*._ - Snoop Dogg

A proxy logger for capturing request/response data from two specific clients and/or services for recreational or educational use.

For example, if you're trying to learn about the AMQP protocol and would like to see the wire format and general request/response cycle of a real-world AMQP client and server interaction, put this service in the middle and let it collect what you're after.

h2. Usage

@snoop-logg -p web-viewer-port listen:port forward:port@

For example:

@snoop-logg -p 4444 127.0.0.1:5672 127.0.0.1:5673@

This will run the @snoop-logg@ tool listening in on localhost port @5672@ and forwarding requests on to localhost port @5673@, the default AMQP connections port. It's easier to tell the client to use a different port than the server.

This also starts the web client listening on port @4444@ for connections to browse through the log of messages.

h2. Resources

"em-proxy":http://github.com/igrigorik/em-proxy by Ilya Grigorik

h2. Copyright & License

Copyright (c) 2009 Matt Todd.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
